- [Instructor] In this lesson, we'll see
how to use the JSON parser in order to retrieve
the values for the different properties
in our JSON document.
So, right now we're iterating through
all of the events within our JSON document.
Not all of them are extremely important to us.
So, we're going to go ahead and build a switch statement,
that is going to inspect each event,
and then we can handle those events which are important.
So we can take a look at the key name event
and this is going to be the name of a property.
Once we see that we have a property or a key name
within our JSON parser, we can go ahead and use the parser
to get the particular value for that key name.
And we just use the get string method.
It will type the result of the parser.
And then we can go look for other cases.
So we can also have a value string.
So this is going to be a property value
within a JSON document and we can also send
these to the console, by using the get string method
and then you'll notice that the parser
distinguishes between strings and numbers.
So in the case where we have a number,
we can use the parser's strongly typed methods
that will return either a long or an int.
Let's go ahead, return a long.
And then we can go ahead,
we'll add the break statement here.
We'll also add one for a string.
And then we'll add the default clause
to our switch.
And we'll just break if it's none of the items
that we've listed above.
Okay, so this is going to give us some insights
into the content of that JSON document.
Let's go ahead, we'll launch our application.
We'll clear our console.
And then we're going to go ahead
and run our PowerShell command.
And we can see that our API did receive
the HTTP request and that caused our message
to be sent to the JMS consumer.
And now in the output, instead of seeing
the event names, we're seeing the names
of the JSON properties and their values.
Okay, so that was a look at how we can use
the JSON P streaming API's parser
in order to pull out property names and values
from a JSON document.